separate PDF document for Query by Method Name (#636)
jakartaee/data: spec/src/main/asciidoc/method-query.asciidoc

> // Copyright (c) 2022, 2023 Contributors to the Eclipse Foundation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Copyright (c) 2022, 2024 Contributors to the Eclipse Foundation
```

// http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0.
//
// This Source Code may also be made available under the following Secondary
// Licenses when the conditions for such availability set forth in the Eclipse
// Public License v. 2.0 are satisfied: GNU General Public License, version 2
// with the GNU Classpath Exception which is available at
// https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html.
//
// SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0 OR GPL-2.0 WITH Classpath-exception-2.0

= Jakarta Data: Query by Method Name Extension
:title: Jakarta Data: Query by Method Name Extension
:pdf-theme: ../../theme/jakartaee-theme.yml
:authors:
:email:
:version-label!:
:doctype: book
:license: Apache License v2.0
:inceptionYear: 2022
:source-highlighter: coderay
:toc: left
:toclevels: 3
:sectnumlevels: 4
:setanchors:
:stem:
ifdef::backend-pdf[]
:pagenums:
:numbered:
:title-logo-image: image:jakarta_ee_logo_schooner_color_stacked_default.png[pdfwidth=4.25in,align=right]
endif::[]
:icons: font
ifndef::imagesdir[:imagesdir: images]
ifndef::sourcedir[:sourcedir: ../../main/java]

:sectnums!:
include::chapters/license/license-efsl.adoc[]

:sectnums:

== Introduction

> _Query by Method Name_ is a query language suitable for embedding in the names of methods written in a programming language such as Java.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Query by Method Name_ is a query language suitable for embedding in the names of methods written in Java.
```

> As such, its syntax is limited to the use of legal identifier characters, so the text of a query must neither contain whitespace, nor punctuation characters, nor numeric operators, nor comparison operators.

Author: ```suggestion
As such, its syntax is limited to the use of legal identifier characters, so the text of a query must contain neither whitespace, nor punctuation characters, nor numeric operators, nor comparison operators.
```

> As such, its syntax is limited to the use of legal identifier characters, and so the text of a query may not contain whitespace, punctuation characters, numeric operators, nor comparison operators.

Reviewer: minor grammar update
```suggestion
As such, its syntax is limited to the use of legal identifier characters, so the text of a query must neither contain whitespace, nor punctuation characters, nor numeric operators, nor comparison operators.
```
